okay let's try this
I want a one-shot this it's not gonna
happen them hey how's it going guys this
is Dave 2d and today I'm doing a
different video for my regular stuff
with the holidays just around the corner
I'm doing a giveaway and to do it I
brought in my fellow youtubers along
with me his name is Carl Conrad so might
know of him he does other YouTube videos
tech related you can check out his
channel link to it below
so what we're giving away is a ps4 or an
Xbox one and so to win it it's very
simple you just got to be subscribed to
one of us now there is a twist we are
gonna be playing a game of Starcraft 2
and because both of us are fans and this
is gaming related and the winner of that
game whoever wins which is gonna be me
obviously sure cuz Jack's right whoever
wins that person's subscribers will be
entered twice into the draw so if you
are Carl subs and he wins you'll get two
entries into the draw and if you're my
subs and I lose you only get one entry
so it's in your best interest to be
subbed to both of us to amp up your
chances to win but that's basically it
you subscribe ps4 Xbox or Xbox one both
up for grabs or one of them will be up
for grabs your choice that's it hope you
guys liked it happy holiday cost for the
win